= pushit

Pushit sends push notifications to mobile devices.


== Why another gem?

There are some gems that let you do push notifications but I wasn't fully satisfied with them.

* http://github.com/samsoffes/apple_push_notification works as an AR plugin, a mixin to any object, or by calling a class method. It doesn't offer a DSL and has no tests.
* http://github.com/PRX/apn_on_rails is based on Sam's plugin and seems to have good test coverage. However it is an AR plugin and stores every notification in the database which seems unnecessary.
* http://github.com/thegeekbird/Apns4r has no tests but looks mature otherwise. No DSL.

The main design goals of this gem are:

* Easy to use DSL
* Not an AR plugin
* Extensible architecture to support other mobile devices.


== How to use

  Pushit.config.apple_certificate = File.read('your_apn_cert.pem')
  Pushit.config.environment = :production	# The default is :development, which will use the sandbox servers.
  
  Pushit.deliver do |n|
    n.device_type :iPhone
    n.device_token '<42234223 42234223 42234223 42234223 42234223 42234223 42234223 42234223>'
    n.alert '3 new messages!'
    n.badge 3
    n.sound 'foo.aiff'
    n.custom_data {'foo' => 'bar'}
  end


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Tobi Knaup. See LICENSE for details.
